1.Start by adding the !DOCTYPE html declaration at the top of the document so the browser knows what type of document it's reading.

2.Below the DOCTYPE, add an html element with a lang attribute set to en, so that you have a place to start putting some code.

3.Next, add opening and closing head and body tags within the html element.

4.Add a title and meta element inside the head element. Give your project a title of Registration Form, and add the charset attribute with a value of utf-8 to your meta element.

5.Nest a link element within the head element. Give it a rel attribute with a value of stylesheet and an href attribute with a value of styles.css.

6.Within the body, provide a heading context for the content, by adding an h1 with the text Registration Form.

7.Below the heading, use the following text within a paragraph element to encourage users to register:
Example Code
Please fill out this form with the required information

8.The vh unit stands for viewport height, and is equal to 1% of the height of the viewport. This makes it relative to the viewport height.
It is time to spruce the project up with some CSS. Begin by giving the body a width of 100%, and a height of 100vh.

9.Now, get rid of the horizontal scroll-bar, by setting the body default margin added by some browsers to 0.

10.Now, make the background easy on the eyes, by changing the body background-color to #1b1b32. Then, to see the text, change the color to #f5f6f7.

11.As suggested by the title, you are creating a form. So, after the p element, insert a form element with an action attribute targeting https://register-demo.freecodecamp.org.

12.The method attribute specifies how to send form-data to the URL specified in the action attribute. The form-data can be sent via a GET request as URL parameters (with method="get") or via a POST request as data in the request body (with method="post").

Set the method attribute to send your form data via a POST request.

13.As the form will have three distinct sections, add three fieldset elements within the form element.